Who created the dataset?
Publishing authority: Berlin Police LKA St 14
Statistical data from the Data Warehouse Management Information (DWH-FI) serve as the data basis.

For what purpose was the dataset created?
Purpose of creation is probably the usual recoding of crime by the police. Purpose of publishing it in the berlin data portal is:
In the Berlin Data Portal, the State of Berlin makes public administration data sets available. The aim is to give administrative staff, citizens, 
companies and scientists the opportunity to access and use data and information from the Berlin administration via a central entry point. 
be given the opportunity to access and use data and information from the Berlin administration via a central entry point, 
so that new insights can be gained from the existing data through new ideas as well as combination and analysis.


Who funded the dataset creation?
Berlin Police (LKA St 14)


How was the dataset collected?
no infomation found


How is the data sampled? Does the sampling make sense?
One data record is issued for each recorded offence. Included are all bicycle thefts and those cellar and floor burglaries for which at least one bicycle is registered as recovered property.
The data collection is carried out daily. It includes all cases registered by the police between 1 January of the previous year and the day before the data query.


Does the dataset make any assumptions?
Column SCHADENSSUMME (total damage) = value of the stolen goods (in euros), no property damage! Total amount, in case of more than one stolen bicycle.
In the case of cellar burglaries, the total amount of damage does not only show the value of the stolen bicycles, but also includes the value of other stolen objects.

Were there data points that have been specifically left out?
In order to enable a sufficiently precise temporal allocation, offences for which the difference between the beginning and the end of the offence is more than three days (72 hours) are not provided.


Are there any known errors or inconsistencies in the dataset?
no


Are there missing values?
no


Is the meaning behind every attribute in the dataset clear?
How is the TATZEIT (time of crime) determined? (probably self reported)
What does the VERSUCH (trial) column mean?


Does the dataset contain metadata, e.g., a README file?
there is a short dataset description @ https://daten.berlin.de/datensaetze/fahrraddiebstahl-berlin
would be nice if more details here